too young to remember their plight and a
journey away from home and their loved
ones their ordeal has shocked the world
outrage soon spread globally when people
saw tiny babies struggling to breathe in
a hospital being bombed by the Israeli
Army some were too frail to survive the
lack of incubators medicine and
hygiene this is AAR she was prematurely
born with a lung problem she was being
treated at alifa hospital in Northern
Gaza when the war broke
[Music]
out her mother say she hadn't seen her
since then because she was trapped in an
area facing Israeli
bombardment AAR will now have to make
the journey to Egypt without her
mother un health workers will accompany
her and other
babies
I need to send her to Egypt you know
what a mother feels when she cannot go
with a child but I have seven other kids
to look after her in Gaza and there's no
way I can leave
them others managed to cross the ra
border with Egypt where their babies on
a journey no one knows how long it will
take and when they will be able to go
back
home I never thought the hospital would
come under attack I moved
but my husband remained with the baby
only 10 days ago doctors removed the
baby from the oxygen supply and she had
to follow a strict nutrition protocol to
gain weight and become normal and
healthy during the last 10 days the
hospital was besieged and my baby's
Health deteriorated and she was forced
to live on oxygen
supply Israel has the final say on who
gets to leave Gaza for treatment and who
doesn't a boy got an approval to be
treated in Egypt however his dad did not
get the Israeli approval to pass so the
dad along with his son had to go back to
Gaza because basically he can't leave
his boy go
alone for now the babies will be sent to
different hospitals in Egypt their
recovery might take years they're too
young to remember what happened if they
make it they will have to cope with a
Life shuttered by death destruction and
loss Hashim Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer